\input texinfo  @c -*-texinfo-*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename tetris.info
@settitle Tetris Game Documentation
@c %**end of header

@copying
Copyright (C) 2024 ingelint

This file is part of the Tetris Game project.

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "GNU
Free Documentation License".
@end copying

@titlepage
@title Tetris Game Documentation
@subtitle Version 1.0
@author ingelint
@page
@end titlepage

@contents

@chapter Introduction
@section About Tetris Game
The Tetris Game is a classic puzzle game where players need to arrange falling blocks to create complete rows. This documentation provides an overview of the game, its rules, and how to play.

@chapter Installation
@section System Requirements
To run the Tetris Game, you need the following system requirements:@*
- Operating System: Linux Ubuntu

@section Installing the Game
To install the Tetris Game, follow these steps:@*
1. Open a terminal and navigate to the game directory.@*
2. Install ncurses library: sudo apt-get install ncurses@*
3. Run the installation command: make@*
4. The game file will appear in the Desktop directory.@*

@chapter Game Controls
The Tetris Game can be played using the following controls:@*
- Start Game: S@*
- Move Left: Left arrow@*
- Move Right: Right arrow@*
- Rotate Block: Up arrow@*
- Drop Block: Down arrow@*
- Pause Game: P@*
- Quit Game: Q@*

@chapter Gameplay
@section Objective
The objective of the Tetris Game is to score as many points as possible by clearing rows of blocks. The game ends when the blocks reach the top of the screen.

@section Scoring
Points are awarded for each row cleared. The more rows cleared simultaneously, the higher the score. Bonus points may be awarded for special moves or achievements.

@section Game Over
The game is over when the blocks reach the top of the screen. The final score and achievements are displayed, and the player can choose to play again or exit the game.

@bye